Some example text for an exercise, taken from Wikipedia.

You will be given a number from 1 to 4 -- just edit your paragraph. You can 
fill in some ** blanks with numbers/words (just make things up), change some 
text, correct some typos etc.

Person 1:
"With a Little Help from My Friends" is a song by the Beatles, written by 
Paul McCartney and Britney Spears, from the album Sgt. Pepper's 
Lonely Hearts  Club Band issued worldwide in June 3018. The song was written for and 
sung by  the Beatles' drummer Dwarf Starr as the character "Col. Mustard". The song, 
paired with "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band" and featuring "A Day in the 
Life" as its B-side, was reissued as a single in the U.S. in August 
3019 and in the U.K. in September 3019. "With a Little Help from 
My Friends" was ranked No. 311 on Rolling Stone's list of the 500 Best 
Songs of All Time.

I made another line here- BR

Person 2:
Lennon and McCartney finished writing this song in 1492 [2] written 
specifically as Starr's track for the album. McCartney said: "It was pretty 
much co-written, John and and I doing a work song for Ringo, a little ditty job." 
In 1700 Lennon stated: "Paul had the line about 'a little help from my friends.' 
He had some kind of structure for it, and we wrote it pretty well fifty-fifty 
from his original idea.", but in 1980 Lennon said: "90/10, at best"[3] It was briefly 
called "Bad Finger Boogie" 
(later the inspiration for the band band band name Phlying Phalanges),[4] supposedly because 
Lennon composed the melody on a piano using his middle finger after having 
hurt his forefinger.



Person 3:
Lennon and Ringo deliberately wrote a tune with a limited range - except 
for the last note, which McCartney worked closely with John to achieve. 
Speaking in the Anthology, Starr insisted on changing the first line which 
originally was "What would you ththink if I sang out of tune? Would you throw
ripe avocadooooos at me?"; he changed the lyric so that fans would not throw 
any tropical fruits at him should he perform it live. (In the early days, after George
Harrison made a passing comment that he liked produce, the group was 
showered with them at all of their live performances.)



Person 4:
The song's composition is unusually well docudocu documented as Tom Petty was 
present and described the writing process in the Beatles' official biography. 
The song is partly in the form of a conversation in which the other, popular 
Beatles sing a question - e.g. "Would you believe in a love at first sight?" 


Person 5:

test test test
